MTV-2854 New overview page (New PR) (#738)
kubev2v/forklift-documentation: documentation/modules/mtv-overview-page.adoc

* Overview
* YAML
* Health
* History
* Settings

[id="overview-tab_{context}"]
== Overview tab

> The *Overview* tab is designed to let you create providers quickly and to make it easier for you to find system-wide information:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The *Overview* tab is to help you quickly create providers and find information about the whole system:
```

> * In the upper pane, is the *Welcome* section, which includes buttons that let you open the *Create provider* UI for each vendor ({vmw}, Open Virtual Appliance, OpenStack, {rhv-full}, and {virt}). You can close this section by clicking the {kebab} in the upper-right corner and selecting *Hide from view*. You can reopen it, by clicking *Show the welcome card* in the upper-right corner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* In the upper pane, is the *Welcome* section, which includes buttons that let you open the *Create provider* UI for each vendor ({vmw}, Open Virtual Appliance, OpenStack, {rhv-full}, and {virt}). You can close this section by clicking the {kebab} in the upper-right corner and selecting *Hide from view*. You can reopen it by clicking *Show the welcome card* in the upper-right corner.
```

> * In the center-left pane is a "donut" chart named *Virtual machines*. This chart shows the number of running, failed, and succeeded virtual machine migrations that {project-short} ran for the time interval that you select. You can choose a different interval by clicking the list in the upper-right corner of the pane. You can choose a different interval by clicking the list. Options: Last 24 hours, Last 10 days, Last 31 days, and All. By clicking  on each division of the chart, you can navigate to the *History* tab for information about the migrations.

Author: Fixed.

> * In the center-left pane is a "donut" chart named *Virtual machines*. This chart shows the number of running, failed, and successful virtual machine migrations that {project-short} ran for the time interval that you select. You can choose a different interval by clicking the list in the upper-right corner of the pane. You can sl=elect a different interval by clicking the list. Options: Last 24 hours, Last 10 days, Last 31 days, and All. By clicking on each division of the chart, you can navigate to the *History* tab for information about the migrations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* In the center-left pane is a "donut" chart named *Virtual machines*. This chart shows the number of running, failed, and successful virtual machine migrations that {project-short} ran for the time interval that you select. You can choose a different interval by clicking the list in the upper-right corner of the pane. You can select a different interval by clicking the list. Options: Last 24 hours, Last 10 days, Last 31 days, and All. By clicking on each division of the chart, you can navigate to the *History* tab for information about the migrations.
```

+
[NOTE]
====
Data for this chart includes only the most recent run of a migration plan that was modified due to a failure. For example, if a plan with 3 VMs fails 4 times, then this chart shows that 3 VMs failed, not 12.
====

> * In the center-right pane is an area chart named *Migration history*. This chart shows the number of migrations that succeeded, failed, or were running during the interval shown in the title of the chart. You can choose a different interval by clicking the {kebab} in the upper-right corner of the pane. Options: Last 24 hours, Last 10 days, and Last 31 days. By clicking  on each division of the chart, you can navigate to the *History* tab for information about the migrations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* In the center-right pane is an area chart named *Migration history*. This chart shows the number of migrations that succeeded, failed, or were running during the interval shown in the title of the chart. You can choose a different interval by clicking the {kebab} in the upper-right corner of the pane. The optionsare: Last 24 hours, Last 10 days, and Last 31 days. By clicking  on each division of the chart, you can navigate to the *History* tab for information about the migrations.
```

* In the lower-left pane is a "donut" chart named *Migration plans*. This chart shows the current number of migration plans grouped by their status. This includes plans that were not started, cannot be started, are incomplete, archived, paused, or have an unknown status. By clicking the *Show all plans* link, you can quickly navigate to the *Migration plans* page.
+
[NOTE]
====
Since a single migration might involve many virtual machines, the number of migrations performed using {project-short} might vary significantly from the number of migrated virtual machines.
====

> * In the lower-right pane is a table named *{project-short} health*. This table lists all of the {project-short} pods, starting with the most important one, `forklift-controller`. The remaining pods are listed in alphabetical order. The *View all* link opens the *Health* tab. For each pod, the status and creation time of the pod are listed, and there is a link to the logs of the pod.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* In the lower-right pane is a table named *{project-short} health*. This table lists all the {project-short} pods. The most important one, `forklift-controller`, is first. The remaining pods are listed in alphabetical order. The *View all* link opens the *Health* tab. The status and creation time of the pod for each pod are listed. There is also a link to the logs of the pod.
```

[id="overview-yaml-tab_{context}"]
== YAML tab

The *YAML* tab displays the `ForkliftController` custom resource (CR) that defines the operation of the {project-short} Operator. You can modify the CR in this tab.

[id="overview-health-tab_{context}"]
== Health tab

The *Health* tab has two panes:

> * In the upper pane, there is a table named *Health*. It lists all the {project-short} pods, starting with the most important one, `forklift-controller`. The remaining pods are listed in alphabetical order. For each pod, the status and creation time of the pod are listed and there is a link to the logs of the pod.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* In the upper pane, there is a table named *Health*. It lists all the {project-short} pods, starting with the most important one, `forklift-controller`. The remaining pods are listed in alphabetical order. For each pod, the status, and creation time of the pod are listed, and there is a link to the logs of the pod.
```

Author: Fixed.

> * In the lower pane, is a table named *Conditions*. It lists the following possible types (states) of the {project-short} Operator, the status of the type, the last time the condition was updated, reason for the update, and a message about the condition.

Author: Changed to "In the lower pane, there is.." to maintain parallel structure with above bullet. Made other suggested change.
